AI #1336: Refactor entity name references and usage (#1567)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/cost_and_usage/columns/allocatedtags.md

# Allocated Tags

The Allocated Tags column represents the set of [*tags*](#glossary:tag) assigned to [*tag sources*](#glossary:tag-source) which are specifically applicable to [*allocated charges*](#glossary:allocated-charge) resulting from a data generator-calculated split cost allocation.

The AllocatedTags column adheres to the following requirements:

* AllocatedTags MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the service provider supports [Data Generator-Calculated Split Cost Allocation](#sprovidercalculatedsplitcosthandling).
* AllocatedTags MUST conform to [KeyValueFormat](#key-valueformat) requirements.
* AllocatedTags nullability is defined as follows:
  * AllocatedTags MUST be null when a *charge* is not related to a data generator-calculated split cost allocation.
  * AllocatedTags MAY be null in all other cases.
* When AllocatedTags is not null, AllocatedTags adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * AllocatedTags MUST NOT include resource tags already present in [Tags](#tags).

>   * AllocatedTags MUST include all applicable user-defined and service-provider-defined tags for the [AllocatedResourceId](#AllocatedResourceId).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * AllocatedTags MUST include all applicable user-defined and data generator-defined tags for the [AllocatedResourceId](#AllocatedResourceId).
```

  * Tag keys that do not support corresponding values MUST have a corresponding true (boolean) value set.
  * Service provider MUST NOT alter tag values unless applying true (boolean) to valueless tags.
* Service-provider-defined tags adhere to the following additional requirements:
  * Service-provider-defined tag keys MUST be prefixed with a predetermined, service-provider-specified tag key prefix that is unique to each corresponding provider-specified tag scheme.

>   * Service provider SHOULD publish all service-provider-specified tag key prefixes within their respective documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Data generator MUST NOT alter tag values unless applying true (boolean) to valueless tags.
* Data generator-defined tags adhere to the following additional requirements:
  * Data generator-defined tag keys MUST be prefixed with a predetermined, data generator-specified tag key prefix that is unique to each corresponding provider-specified tag scheme.
  * Data generator SHOULD publish all data generator-specified tag key prefixes within their respective documentation.
```

* User-defined tags adhere to the following additional requirements:

>   * Service provider MUST prefix all user-defined tags scheme with a predetermined, service-provider-specified tag key prefix that is unique to each corresponding user-defined tag scheme when the service-provider has more than one user-defined tag scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Data generator MUST prefix all user-defined tags scheme with a predetermined, data generator-specified tag key prefix that is unique to each corresponding user-defined tag scheme when the data generator has more than one user-defined tag scheme.
```

> ## Service-Provider-Defined vs. User-Defined Tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data Generator-Defined vs. User-Defined Tags
```

> This example illustrates various tags produced from multiple user-defined and service-provider-defined tag schemes. The first two tags illustrate examples from two different, user-defined tag schemes. The second tag is produced from a valueless, user-defined tag scheme, so the service provider also applies `true` as its default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates various tags produced from multiple user-defined and data generator-defined tag schemes. The first two tags illustrate examples from two different, user-defined tag schemes. The second tag is produced from a valueless, user-defined tag scheme, so the data generator also applies `true` as its default value.
```

> The last two tags illustrate examples from two different, service-provider-defined tag schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last two tags illustrate examples from two different, data generator-defined tag schemes.
```
